Tinyproxy
=========

Tinyproxy is a small, efficient HTTP/SSL proxy daemon released under the
GNU General Public License.  Tinyproxy is very useful in a small network
setting, where a larger proxy would either be too resource intensive, or
a security risk.  One of the key features of Tinyproxy is the buffering
connection concept.  In effect, Tinyproxy will buffer a high speed
response from a server, and then relay it to a client at the highest
speed the client will accept.  This feature greatly reduces the problems
with sluggishness on the Internet.  If you are sharing an Internet
connection with a small network, and you only want to allow HTTP
requests to be allowed, then Tinyproxy is a great tool for the network
administrator.

For more info, please visit:

<https://banu.com/tinyproxy/>


Installation
------------

To install this package under a UNIX derivative, read the INSTALL file.
Tinyproxy uses a standard GNU `configure` script. Basically you should
be able to do:

----
./configure
make
make install
----

in the top level directory to compile and install Tinyproxy. There are
additional command line arguments you can supply to `configure`. They
include:

--enable-debug::
    If you would like to turn on full debugging support.

--enable-xtinyproxy::
    Compile in support for the XTinyproxy header, which is sent to any
    web server in your domain.

--enable-filter::
    Allows Tinyproxy to filter out certain domains and URLs.

--enable-upstream::
    Enable support for proxying connections through another proxy server.

--enable-transparent::
    Allow Tinyproxy to be used as a transparent proxy daemon.

--enable-static::
    Compile a static version of Tinyproxy.

--with-stathost=HOST::
    Set the default name of the stats host.


Support
-------

If you are having problems with Tinyproxy, please submit a bug report
using Tinyproxy as the product at:

<https://banu.com/bugzilla/>

You may also wish to subscribe to the Tinyproxy mailing lists. To do so
please visit:

<https://banu.com/mailman/listinfo/tinyproxy-announce-list>

<https://banu.com/mailman/listinfo/tinyproxy-list>

for more information on how to subscribe and post messages to the lists.


Contributing
------------

If you would like to contribute a feature, or a bug fix to the Tinyproxy
source, please send a patch (preferably as a unified diff. i.e. `diff
-u` against the 'master' branch of the Tinyproxy source code git
repository to 'tinyproxy-developers-list'.  Please include a description
of what your patch does.

Tinyproxy's source code is maintained in a Git repository. The following
command creates a local copy of it:

----
git clone git://banu.com/tinyproxy.git
----

The easiest and preferred way to create a patch for submission is to
check in your changes locally against the 'master' branch and use `git
format-patch` to generate a mbox-style patch file that contains the diff
along with the commit message and author information.  Such a formatted
patch file can be integrated into the upstream repository, automatically
keeping the commit message and author information.

You can also meet developers and discuss development issues and patches
in the `#tinyproxy` IRC channel on Freenode (`irc.freenode.net`).
